1 -ReactJS is a JavaScript library used for building user interfaces in web apps and mobile apps.
It was created by Facebook in 2011 and then made open source in 2013.

2- ReactJS or React is a client side UI library developed and maintained by Facebook.
Currently Facebook uses React for many parts of its website.

3- Unlike Angular which is a framework, React is a library.

4-A framework is full fledged solution for the different aspects of application development. 
A library on the other hand covers only a small part of the big picture and satisfies a specific requirement alone.
Therefore we can use different libraries for different parts of the application. 

5- React specifically caters to only two things: Rendering elements on the page efficiently and handling events. 
For everything else, we would have to write our own code or use other libraries. 
The below diagram shows the different needs of a typical complex front end application and which parts of it
are covered by React.

6- Some of the key features of React are:
Lightweight and easy to use

High performance DOM manipulation

The data passed around is immutable and thus increases performance and reduces bugs

Gives the flexibility to use other libraries

Uses JavaScript instead of TypeScript

It manages the state of the UI and updates only specific portions of the DOM

So the key advantages are: Flexibility (Choice), Lightweight and High Performance .


7 - React being a library also has its own disadvantages. Choice is not always a good thing! for example,

React cannot be used for the entire front-end development

One may have to depend on other libraries

Choosing between multiple libraries can be difficult

8 - One of the key features of React is its use of Virtual DOM. This makes React very fast!

9- What is Virtual DOM?
DOM is the tree representation of the various elements in an HTML page. When the browser receives an HTML 
page, it does the below steps:

Parses the HTML content
Creates the DOM structure
The position and layout is calculated
The DOM structure is painted on the browser

10- Whenever a DOM element changes, the browser re-calculates the position of the that element and its 
children elements and repaints them again.This is a costly process.

Imagine, if we have thousand DOM elements, then the re-positioning and re-painting operation done thousand times is a slow process.
React simplifies it to a great extent using a Virtual DOM.

11 - 	
Optimization: React is lightweight as it manages the state of the UI and updates only specific portions of the DOM,
using the concept of Virtual DOM.


12 - create a react app 
- first check npm is installed or not ? if not then first install  
- create first react app using npm install -g create-react-app
- 
